targets behind stateless firewall scan:
Null Scan -sN
FIN Scan  -sF
Xmas Scan -sX
explanation- One scenario where these three scan types can be efficient is when 
scanning a target behind a stateless (non-stateful) firewall. A stateless firewall 
will check if the incoming packet has the SYN flag set to detect a connection attempt. 
Using a flag combination that does not match the SYN packet makes it possible to deceive the
firewall and reach the system behind it. However, a stateful firewall will practically block all 
such crafted packets and render this kind of scan useless.

understanding firewall rules with nmap scans:
TCP ACK scan  -sA
TCP ACK scan  -sW
This kind of scans would be helpful if there is a firewall in front of the target. Consequently,
based on which ACK packets resulted in responses, you will learn which ports were not blocked by the firewall. 
In other words, this type of scan is more suitable to discover firewall rule sets and configurations.

Custom Scan:
--scanflags e.x --scanflags RSTSYNFIN
If you want to experiment with a new TCP flag combination beyond the built-in TCP scan types, 
you can do so using --scanflags. For instance, if you want to set SYN, RST, and FIN simultaneously,
you can do so using --scanflags RSTSYNFIN. As shown in the figure below, if you develop your custom scan, 
you need to know how the different ports will behave to correctly interpret the results in different scenarios. 

Spoofing and Decoys:
spoofed IP and MAC -S
nmap -S SPOOFED_IP 10.10.16.179. Consequently, Nmap will craft all the packets using the provided source IP address SPOOFED_IP.
The target machine will respond to the incoming packets sending the replies to the destination IP address SPOOFED_IP.
For this scan to work and give accurate results, the attacker needs to monitor the network traffic to analyze the replies. 
In brief, scanning with a spoofed IP address is three steps:
1. Attacker sends a packet with a spoofed source IP address to the target machine.
2. Target machine replies to the spoofed IP address as the destination.
3. Attacker captures the replies to figure out open ports.

decoy scan -D
make the scan appear to be coming from many IP addresses so that the attacker’s IP address would be lost among them
the scan of the target machine will appear to be coming from 3 different sources, and consequently, the replies will go the decoys as well.
For example= nmap -D 10.10.0.1,10.10.0.2,ME 10.10.16.179   /    nmap -D 10.10.0.1,10.10.0.2,RND,RND,ME 10.10.16.179

Fragmented Packets:
fragment packets scan  -f
Once chosen, the IP data will be divided into 8 bytes or less. Adding another -f (-f -f or -ff) will split the data into 16 byte-fragments instead of 8.
You can change the default value by using the --mtu; however, you should always choose a multiple of 8.
On the other hand, if you prefer to increase the size of your packets to make them look innocuous, you can use the option --data-length NUM, 
where num specifies the number of bytes you want to append to your packets.

Idle/Zombie Scan:
nmap -sI ZOMBIE_IP Target_IP
requires an idle system connected to the network that you can communicate with.
Practically, Nmap will make each probe appear as if coming from the idle (zombie) host,
then it will check for indicators whether the idle (zombie) host received any response to the spoofed probe. 
This is accomplished by checking the IP identification (IP ID) value in the IP header. 
The idle (zombie) scan requires the following three steps to discover whether a port is open:
    1. Trigger the idle host to respond so that you can record the current IP ID on the idle host.
    2. Send a SYN packet to a TCP port on the target. The packet should be spoofed to appear as if it was coming from the idle host (zombie) IP address.
    3. Trigger the idle machine again to respond so that you can compare the new IP ID with the one received earlier.
